Security and zkApps (#921)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/secure-zkapps.mdx

  @method
  async mintOrBurn(update: AccountUpdate) {
    // read mint/burn properties from the update
    let amount = update.balanceChange;
    let address = update.publicKey;

    // TODO: only allow minting and burning under certain conditions

    // approve the account update
    this.approve(update);

    // ... other actions related to minting or burning
    // like updating the total supply based on `amount` ...
    this.updateTokenSupply(amount);
  }

  assertCanMint(amount: Int64, address: PublicKey) {
    // ... logic asserting that minting is allowed for this account ...
  }
  assertCanBurn(amount: Int64, address: PublicKey) {
    // ... logic asserting that burning is allowed for this account ...
  }

  updateTokenSupply(amount: Int64) {
    // ... logic updating the total supply ...
  }
}
```

:::note

The pattern of passing in the full `AccountUpdate` here, and not just amount and address, is good practice and more flexible than creating the account updates inline:
It allows the method to be used by zkApps, not just typical end-user accounts.
zkApps need to put their own proof on the account update to authorize a spend.

:::

### Creating an insecure contract

> We need to use either `assertCanMint()` or `assertCanBurn()`, but how do we know which one? Well, let's just add a parameter to the method that tells us whether this is a mint or a burn. Then let's call the appropriate method based on that parameter. Github Copilot fills this out nicely for us:

Reviewer: "Github Copilot fills this out nicely" - LOL

---
title: Security and zkApps
hide_title: true
description: An introduction to security considerations for zkApps, including common pitfalls and best practices.
keywords:
  - zkApp
  - smart contract
  - typescript
  - o1js
  - mina protocol
  - zero knowledge proofs
---

> :::info
> 
> zkApp programmability is not yet available on the Mina Mainnet, but zkApps can now be deployed on Berkeley Testnet.
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info

zkApp programmability is not yet available on the Mina **Mainnet**, but zkApps can now be deployed on the Mina **Devnet**.

:::
```

Author: shouldn't we just change this for all pages at once?
